I think you really believe in inviting young people to come on to know what they're showing me.
That soon younger guys are reaching out to people and some other generation of local workers are going to take care of them.
They have places to come up with, really?
I see a real hunger.
I see a real sermon.
This man, the Lord has an amazing feature for him.
He has a tremendous testimony of what God has done in his life.
He will be invited to be used with people that have addictive problems.
He will eventually have his own center where he will bring the man free time.
I want you to know, maybe like we didn't talk about this foreman.
The Lord really loves you.
I see you looking on churches and people that should really help you, but they don't.
I see there a kind of a wonderman in your spirit.
Sometimes things don't really seem fair.
It seems like in other people's favor, the Lord wants you to know that he sees
your heart.
I mean, it's still a good work in you.
And you too will share your testimony.
I love the open doors for you to go.
And I see brothers being moved.
We've been attached and set free.
By the order that you speak.
And you have pondered and wondered even about your needing to work to support the work that Sylvia does.
And you will be able to travel together.
And the Lord has seen your heart.
You're not gonna set with her, Lord.
and you just ponder these things in your heart.
Why you had to work so hard.
You have to be able to build a world.
And you won't have to move everything.
He's going to do that for you.
Because you turn your heart towards him.
And because he's going to show him love to you.
He's going to show him love to you.
He's going to show him
It's a great humility.
I'm just going to put this into the beat.
I see you like the Apostle John.
I think I'm going to focus on a man that knows how to love.
The one that can have it come a month.
You weren't always that way.
It was the time that there was anger and bitterness in your heart.
You have to come.
And he has healed you.
Yes.
Because of what God has done, you will always be humble.
You will give the glory to the Lord.
I will see a tremendous healing ministry.
Great power over the works of darkness.
But you will say this glory goes to him.
The Lord is preparing you.
You are in this school of the Holy Spirit.
And you are learning many things.
You will have a visitation from the Lord.
And you will point your life to that day.
God is going to make it more real to you.
It's life that you live in.
And you need to do what you do for Him.
It's okay, I'm going to do that for you.
But I can't play the difficulty because I see that love going forth from you.
Out of that love and compassion.
That love is a comfortable video.
How many of you have come from the Lord?
Oh, did you hear that, my husband?
He's gonna be troubling me, but I'm building.
And then you don't have to get angry.
Why do you have to do all the work?
And then you don't have to do all the work.
And then you don't have
You see, this is very important.
As long as you had a humble spirit, I'm always there for you.
And I'll give some men, prepare our food.
All right?
You had a word, you had a word.
Our Lord, Jesus Christ was telling me how much heart right there is.
What's the matter about what you receive today is a very powerful world.
It's a very powerful world.
Father, we thank You for this wonderful moment.
We thank You for the amazing.
We thank You for the world that we receive.
There's a rule you can eat.